#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via requests
debugpy==1.6.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
fastjsonschema==2.16.1
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.10.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==5.9.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.15.1
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.9
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.4.3
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.6.6
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   tensorflow
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.1
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via jupyter-client
pytz==2022.1
    # via babel
pyzmq==23.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via sklearn
scipy==1.7.3
    # via scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.26.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
